So you have two basic possibilities when it comes to starting threads.
You can either use standard thread or you can use standard async.
Now the question is, which one should you use?
Now, as a general rule of thumb using async as in many cases,
the easiest solution which involves
less boilerplate code and basically you can achieve the same results as standard thread.
Now, with async, you do not have to worry
about calling join at the end of the parent thread,
and also there is no promise you need to carry around and manage.
There's is one future per task which can be used as a barrier,
as a means for data exchange,
and also for parsing exceptions.
Now, there are some situations where using standard thread keeps you
more fine-grain control and you might want to consider using threads in such situations.
Now, as the original designer of C++ Bjarne Stroustrup states on isoccp.org,
"Simple is the most important aspect of the async future design."
Futures can also be used with threads in general,
but don't even think of using async to launch tasks that do input-output,
manipulate mutexes or in other ways,
interact with other threads.
The idea behind async state is to provide a simple way to handle the simplest while
common case and leave the most complex examples to
the fully general mechanism which is using standard thread.
So with that summary,
see you in the next section where we take a look at one of the worst enemies of
the concurrent programmer which is data races. See you there.